the following report contains some
disturbing
images today we supposed to be quiet in
Gaza Israel extended its
ceasefire but Hamas did
not this was filmed by the Israeli
military they say it shows Rockets being
fired from a school across the border
into Israel what is the benefit of the
Palestinian people of Hamas breaking the
truth and then having massive no Israeli
a we're looking for a total agreement
and a full agreement that will end this
killing and lift The Siege totally and
uh get our freedom this was Israel's
response it's just gone 10:00 in the
morning um we were told that Israel was
adhering to the ceasefire and that we
were okay to travel on this area but
we're hearing a fairly constant barrage
of artillery incoming we've seen smoke
rising in a number of different
locations
there
[Music]
there an intense bombardment followed
Israel had declared its ceasefire over
but many residents were simply
unaware the young mother said she was
running away with her children because
her house had just been hit best now
just now just now yeah and while we
talked to another Resident more shells
were
Landing they didn't even
Flinch he says the shellings become
normal even for the
children it may have become normal for
some but no less
deadly an emergency team is being called
out people have been
injured
four people have been
wounded they said they've been working
on their
Farm all of them had sh
wings
even for rescue workers the risks have
become
[Music]
everyday there was hope of a longer
ceasefire even a peace process but this
feels far from over Ian panel BBC news
Gaza